I have been because of you
Escaped Sea City with my mother
Why are you killing them all?
kill
Ok, I'll give you a chance.
Kneel down, crawl over and kowtow
I'll let your mother live
You rest, then you watch your mother die
Bad guys get away
I don't think you look like a good person
What do you say you don't look like a good person?
This is the man in your heart
Boy, you know who I am
I don't care what you do
Get away from me or I'll break your leg
Give me pig's foot rice to die
But I called the vice dean
What should I do with Yu Ling'er?
Pulled out of the operating room
Dead Wilderness
Miss Ye, what are you doing?
Go open the door to the operating room for me
Hold your patient for me
The surgeon in the vice dean is my mother
I beg you not to pull him
I'm so sorry.
I can't cure your mother this month
You'd rather be stingy
Ye Ling, you fight with me
I'll play you to death